docs/configuration/events/egg-events.rst, before:

Eggs
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This pages assumes the following:

1. You understand what :doc:`index` are.
2. You understand how :ref:`events_dts` function.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.

Description
-------------------------------------

A **Egg Event** represents when a egg event appears in a gym.


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
gym_id            The gym id. Unique per gym.
egg_lvl           The tier level of the egg.
gym_name          The name of the gym. *
gym_description   The description of the gym. *
gym_image         The url to the image of the gym. *
team_id           The id of the team currently in control of the gym.
team_name         The team currently in control of the gym.
team_leader       The leader of the team currently in control of the gym.
================= ========================================================

.. note::

  \* Gym Info requires caching. See the :ref:`object-caching`
  page for more information.


Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    Geofences are only evaluated per Filter - ``<geofence>`` will be unknown if
    it passes through a Filter without a ``geofences`` restriction applied.

=================== =========================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== =========================================================
lat                 Latitude of the egg.
lng                 Longitude of the egg.
lat_5               Latitude of the egg, truncated to 5 decimal places.
lng_5               Longitude of the egg, truncated to 5 decimal places.
distance            Distance of the egg from the set location.
direction           Cardinal direction of the egg, from the set location.
gmaps               Google Maps link to the location of the egg.
applemaps           Apple Maps link to the location of the egg.
geofence            Geofence around the event.
=================== =========================================================


Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= =========================================================
DTS               Description
================= =========================================================
hatch_time_left   Time remaining until the egg hatches.
12h_hatch_time    Time when the egg will hatch, formatted in 12h.
24h_hatch_time    Time when the egg will hatch, formatted in 24h.
raid_time_left    Time remaining until the raid ends.
12h_raid_end      Time when the raid ends, formatted in 12h.
24h_raid_end      Time when the raid ends, formatted in 24h.
================= =========================================================


Weather
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= =========================================================
DTS               Description
================= =========================================================
weather_id        Weather ID of the egg.
weather           Weather name of the egg.
weather_or_empty  Weather name of the egg, or empty string if unknown.
weather_emoji     Weather emoji of the egg, or empty string if unknown.
================= =========================================================

Commit message:

fix alarms,filters index and rules

docs/configuration/events/egg-events.rst, after:

Eggs
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This pages assumes the following:

1. You have a working scanner.
2. You read and understood the :ref:`events_dts` page.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.

Description
-------------------------------------

A **Egg Event** represents when a egg event appears in a gym.


Available DTS
-------------------------------------

General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= ========================================================
DTS               Description
================= ========================================================
gym_id            The gym id. Unique per gym.
egg_lvl           The tier level of the egg.
gym_name          The name of the gym. *
gym_description   The description of the gym. *
gym_image         The url to the image of the gym. *
team_id           The id of the team currently in control of the gym.
team_name         The team currently in control of the gym.
team_leader       The leader of the team currently in control of the gym.
================= ========================================================

.. note::

  \* Gym Info requires caching. See the :ref:`object-caching`
  page for more information.


Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    Geofences are only evaluated per Filter - ``<geofence>`` will be unknown if
    it passes through a Filter without a ``geofences`` restriction applied.

=================== =========================================================
DTS                 Description
=================== =========================================================
lat                 Latitude of the egg.
lng                 Longitude of the egg.
lat_5               Latitude of the egg, truncated to 5 decimal places.
lng_5               Longitude of the egg, truncated to 5 decimal places.
distance            Distance of the egg from the set location.
direction           Cardinal direction of the egg, from the set location.
gmaps               Google Maps link to the location of the egg.
applemaps           Apple Maps link to the location of the egg.
geofence            Geofence around the event.
=================== =========================================================


Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= =========================================================
DTS               Description
================= =========================================================
hatch_time_left   Time remaining until the egg hatches.
12h_hatch_time    Time when the egg will hatch, formatted in 12h.
24h_hatch_time    Time when the egg will hatch, formatted in 24h.
raid_time_left    Time remaining until the raid ends.
12h_raid_end      Time when the raid ends, formatted in 12h.
24h_raid_end      Time when the raid ends, formatted in 24h.
================= =========================================================


Weather
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

================= =========================================================
DTS               Description
================= =========================================================
weather_id        Weather ID of the egg.
weather           Weather name of the egg.
weather_or_empty  Weather name of the egg, or empty string if unknown.
weather_emoji     Weather emoji of the egg, or empty string if unknown.
================= =========================================================
