docs/configuration/events/stop-events.rst, before:

Stops
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This pages assumes the following:

1. You understand what :doc:`index` are.
2. You understand how :ref:`events_dts` function.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.

Description
-------------------------------------

A **Stop Event** represents when a stop is lured.


Available DTS
-------------------------------------


General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

============ ==============================
DTS          Description
============ ==============================
stop_id      The stop id. Unique per stop.
============ ==============================


Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    Geofences are only evaluated per Filter - ``<geofence>`` will be unknown if
    it passes through a Filter without a ``geofences`` restriction applied.

============ ======================================================
DTS          Description
============ ======================================================
lat          Latitude of the stop.
lng          Longitude of the stop.
lat_5        Latitude of the stop, truncated to 5 decimal places.
lng_5        Longitude of the stop, truncated to 5 decimal places.
distance     Distance of the stop from the set location.
direction    Cardinal direction of the stop, from the set location.
gmaps        Google Maps link to the location of the stop.
applemaps    Apple Maps link to the location of the stop.
geofence     Geofence around the event.
============ ======================================================


Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

============ ====================================================
DTS          Description
============ ====================================================
time_left    Time remaining until the lure expires.
12h_time     Time that the lure will disappear, in a 12h format.
24h_time     Time that the lure will disappear, in a 24h format.
============ ====================================================

Commit message:

fix alarms,filters index and rules

docs/configuration/events/stop-events.rst, after:

Stops
=====================================

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :depth: 2
   :local:


Prerequisites
-------------------------------------

This pages assumes the following:

1. You have a working scanner.
2. You read and understood the :ref:`events_dts` page.
3. You are using the latest version of PokeAlarm.


Description
-------------------------------------

A **Stop Event** represents when a stop is lured.


Available DTS
-------------------------------------


General
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

============ ==============================
DTS          Description
============ ==============================
stop_id      The stop id. Unique per stop.
============ ==============================


Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::

    Geofences are only evaluated per Filter - ``<geofence>`` will be unknown if
    it passes through a Filter without a ``geofences`` restriction applied.

============ ======================================================
DTS          Description
============ ======================================================
lat          Latitude of the stop.
lng          Longitude of the stop.
lat_5        Latitude of the stop, truncated to 5 decimal places.
lng_5        Longitude of the stop, truncated to 5 decimal places.
distance     Distance of the stop from the set location.
direction    Cardinal direction of the stop, from the set location.
gmaps        Google Maps link to the location of the stop.
applemaps    Apple Maps link to the location of the stop.
geofence     Geofence around the event.
============ ======================================================


Time
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

============ ====================================================
DTS          Description
============ ====================================================
time_left    Time remaining until the lure expires.
12h_time     Time that the lure will disappear, in a 12h format.
24h_time     Time that the lure will disappear, in a 24h format.
============ ====================================================
